Selfish - Slum Village
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio0.mp3
American Boy - Estelle
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio1.mp3
Addiction - Kanye West
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio2.mp3
Diamonds From Sierra Leone (Remix) - Kanye West
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio3.mp3
Put On - Young Jeezy
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio4.mp3
Gold Digger - Kanye West
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio5.mp3
Slow Jamz - Kanye West
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio6.mp3
Two Words - Kanye West
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio7.mp3
Never Let Me Down - Kanye West 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio8.mp3
Heard 'Em Say - Kanye West
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio9.mp3
Bring Me Down - Kanye West
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio10.mp3
Through The Wire - Kanye West
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio11.mp3
The New Workout Plan - Kanye West
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio12.mp3
Champion - Kanye West
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio13.mp3
Stronger - Kanye West
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio14.mp3
Good Life - Kanye West
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio15.mp3
Flashing Lights - Kanye West
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio16.mp3
The Real Slim Shady - Eminem
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio17.mp3
Forever - Drake
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio18.mp3
My Name Is - Eminem
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio19.mp3
I Get Around - 2Pac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio20.mp3
Brenda's Got a Baby - 2Pac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio21.mp3
Hit Em Up  - 2Pac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio22.mp3
Me Against the World - 2Pac
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio23.mp3
Juicy - Biggie Smalls
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio24.mp3
Big Poppa - Biggie Smalls
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio25.mp3
It Was A Good Day - Ice Cube
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio%2026.mp3
Lose Yourself - Eminem
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio27.mp3
Superman - Eminem
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio28.mp3
White America - Eminem
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio29.mp3
Scary Movie - Eminem
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio30.mp3
Still Dre - Dr. Dre
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio31.mp3
Forget About Dre - Dr. Dre
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio32.mp3
Shook Ones Pt. 2 - Mobb Deep
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio33.mp3
If I Ruled The World - Nas
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio34.mp3
The Message - Nas
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio35.mp3
8 Million Stories - A Tribe Called Quest
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio36.mp3
Midnight - A Tribe Called Quest
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio37.mp3
Clap Your Hands - A Tribe Called Quest
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio38.mp3
Poetic Justice - Kendrick Lamar
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TeamMePlsBe/testfiles2/refs/heads/main/audio39.mp3